---
layout: post
title: The Project
---

By no means am I the most...hmm how to put it? I am by no means the kind of person I think you would expect to see behind a blog, but am definitely a person who has thought of what it would be like to be making one. So far, I appreciate and like the more technical standpont to it --the fiddling with themes on GitHub and file manipulation in CodeAnywhere-- more than I actually like the writing and, well, blogging aspect of it.  It might be more apt to say that I would rather manage a blog where the posts are of interest to me but not written by me. Let me design the visual look and aid in the management of the posts and clickdata analysis. Sooner would I sign up to do that than I would create a blog. Although, ironically, here I am writing a blog post for my blog. On the other hand, it is a tad entertaining and feeds strongly off of the same impulses which desired my English minor. 

If this post seems to jump around a lot that is because I am writing in a mostly unrestricted, unplanned manner. An infantile form of novice stream of consciousness. James Joyce is an excellent author who is known for his beautiful use of stream of consciouness in his writing. If you are interested in learning through exposure what great stream of consciousness writing is, I highly recommend Joyce's novel _A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man_. 

Seeing as the only reason why I have made this small blog is due to a course assignment, the topic of the posts will focus mainly on myself and my studies interspersed with a few half-arbitrary posts like this one. All in all I can only further my learning through doing, and in doing so attempt to make a blog worth a quarter of a grain of salt.